Update docs to make it easy to see that the code flow access token fails, update tests (#40523)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-oidc-bearer-token-authentication.adoc

A request is sent to the OIDC provider `UserInfo` endpoint, and an `io.quarkus.oidc.UserInfo` (a simple `javax.json.JsonObject` wrapper) object is created.
`io.quarkus.oidc.UserInfo` can be injected or accessed as a `SecurityIdentity` `userinfo` attribute.

> `quarkus.oidc.authentication.user-info-required` is enabled automatically if `quarkus.oidc.roles.source` is set to `userinfo` or `quarkus.oidc.token.verify-access-token-with-user-info` is set to `true` or `quarkus.oidc.authentication.id-token-required` is set to `false`, the current OIDC tenant must support a UserInfo endpoint in these cases.
> 
> `quarkus.oidc.authentication.user-info-required` is also enabled automatically if `io.quarkus.oidc.UserInfo` injection point is detected but only if the current OIDC tenant supports a UserInfo endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`quarkus.oidc.authentication.user-info-required` is automatically enabled if one of these conditions is met: 

- if `quarkus.oidc.roles.source` is set to `userinfo` or `quarkus.oidc.token.verify-access-token-with-user-info` is set to `true` or `quarkus.oidc.authentication.id-token-required` is set to `false`, the current OIDC tenant must support a UserInfo endpoint in these cases.

- if `io.quarkus.oidc.UserInfo` injection point is detected but only if the current OIDC tenant supports a UserInfo endpoint.
```

Author: Thanks @gastaldi, it should read better in the docs, will do the same for another doc
